[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: Next exercise
related to finding elements.
Kinda given one element, or trying to find
an element that matches the selector, is
elements provide a way to go from
that element to other elements.
The same way you can go from the document
to find any element in the page.
You can start at one element and
then go find elements inside of it.
So element even though it
really doesn't make sense has
every element has a getElementById method.
They also have getElementsByTagName, so
this will find all elements inside
this element that match this tag.
Similarly they have
getByClassName all classes,
all elements that match this
class name within this element.
And they have a querySelector and
querySelectorAll, this last one is
important for what we're about to do.
Which is jQuery's find method
that finds all elements within
the collection that match
a certain selector.
Sorry, all elements of the children
of item is in the collection
that match a given selector.
So what that means, I'll show in a second,
is if I want to get every div,
I could get every div in the page.
And then what this would do is for
every single div I found, look for
images inside of it, image tags inside
of it and return a list of all of those.
>> Justin Meyer: So to do this one,
there's two things you need to do.
First you need to go through your
collection or write it out again.
You go through your collection and
for every element in your collection,
find all the elements that
match the passed in selector.
And then given all those elements, you're
gonna do that for every single element.
So you're gonna get a list of elements for
every source elements, so for every div,
you might have multiple images.
And then you've got to combine
them all into one big array.
And that array that you have,
you want to make that,
turn that into a instance of $.
So you need to make the $ function not
only be able to take a string, but
take an array.
So that, given an array,
instead of a string,
it's just gonna take those items and
essentially copy them to an instance of $.
Just like we were doing with
the elements that were retrieved.
So let me step through that again with
writing.
>> Justin Meyer: So
here's our find method.
>> Justin Meyer: You're going to have to
create some kind of accumulator or
something like that.
That's an array of all of the total
items found for every single item in
the original collection.
>> Justin Meyer: This
will be like an array and
then you're gonna have to go for
each item in collection.
You're gonna have
to get elements that
are within the item for
each element.
Elements that are within
the element that match selector and
then you're gonna have to
add them to accumulator.
And at the end of this, what you're
going to want to be able to do,
I'm just gonna give you this kind of part,
your accumulator is gonna look like
elements, it's gonna be an array.
And, at the end of this what you're
going to want to be able to do
is return $(elements).
You're gonna want to take this array
of elements, and create a $ out of it.
I'll come right back down to this, so,
if you're copying, I'll leave it on this.
Let me talk about how $
is gonna have to change.
So $ really only expects a selector.
I'm gonna remove these other comments,
the old ones and
only expect selector to be a string.
So what you really wanna
do is something like if
selector is a string,
you're gonna want to do this,
otherwise, assume it's array for now.
We might change it later so we can work
with something that's not an array.
And just treat those elements
that were passed in,
selector's gonna be an array of elements.
We will just treat it due to
each one of those elements,
what's going on with elements right here.
>> Justin Meyer: Basically
all you really need to
do is say elements =
selector.
>> Justin Meyer: So
this part is kind of weird to
think about but not too hard,
this might be a little trickier down here.
We'll make this one kind of longer
cuz we went quickly through get text,
so we'll do like 10,
or let's do 12 minutes.
Anybody have any questions
before we begin?
>> Speaker 2: Can I see what you added to
the selector, to the dollar function?
>> Justin Meyer: All I added was a comment
that said if selector is a string you're
gonna do what you used to be doing.
And otherwise if it's not a string, you
can just basically assume it's an array.
And you really just want, this is
really an array of items at this point.
Well just, you're just gonna say well
elements is that and then just go through
the elements essentially.
>> Justin Meyer: All right,
you're making this function work if it's
been passed a string or passed an array.
If it was passed an array,
well you don't need to query the DOM.
You've already been given your elements,
so
just put those elements on this,
the way that you're already doing.
Let me make one more thing
clear that I didn't.
The reason for this is so
that you can call, I can call a div,
find every div,
then find every image in it if I wanted.
And eventually I could, well not image
let me find every div then I'll find
a variable,
let's say I'm finding every anchor in it.
And I can change the text
to("whatever I feel like") right,
because we wanna make sure find is
going to return a jQuery instance.
So, that we can keep chaining like this,
that's why we have to make $.
It's not good enough just
to return the elements.
We wanna return those
elements wrapped in jQuery.